.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md, before:

<!-- Please use this template when creating an issue. 
- Please check the boxes after you've created your issue.
- Please use the latest version of Yoast SEO.-->

* [ ] I've read and understood the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/Yoast/wordpress-seo/blob/trunk/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).
* [ ] I've searched for any related issues and avoided creating a duplicate issue.

### Please give us a description of what happened.




### Please describe what you expected to happen and why.




### How can we reproduce this behavior?
1.
2.
3.

### Technical info
* WordPress version:
* Yoast SEO version:
<!-- You can check these boxes once you've created the issue. -->
* If relevant, which editor is affected (or editors): 
- [ ] Classic Editor
- [ ] Gutenberg
- [ ] Classic Editor plugin
* Relevant plugins in case of a bug:
<!-- Please make sure you can reproduce this bug with a default theme such as Twenty Seventeen. Sometimes issues may occur due to theme conflicts. -->
* Tested with theme:

Commit message:

Added question which browsers are affected

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md, after:

<!-- Please use this template when creating an issue. 
- Please check the boxes after you've created your issue.
- Please use the latest version of Yoast SEO.-->

* [ ] I've read and understood the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/Yoast/wordpress-seo/blob/trunk/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).
* [ ] I've searched for any related issues and avoided creating a duplicate issue.

### Please give us a description of what happened.




### Please describe what you expected to happen and why.




### How can we reproduce this behavior?
1.
2.
3.

### Technical info
* WordPress version:
* Yoast SEO version:
<!-- You can check these boxes once you've created the issue. -->
* If relevant, which editor is affected (or editors): 
- [ ] Classic Editor
- [ ] Gutenberg
- [ ] Classic Editor plugin

<!-- You can check these boxes once you've created the issue. -->
* Which browser is affected (or browsers): 
- [ ] IE11
- [ ] Edge
- [ ] Chrome
- [ ] Firefox
- [ ] Safari

* Relevant plugins in case of a bug:
<!-- Please make sure you can reproduce this bug with a default theme such as Twenty Seventeen. Sometimes issues may occur due to theme conflicts. -->
* Tested with theme:
