README.md, before:

WordPress SEO by Yoast
======================

[![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/Yoast/wordpress-seo.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Yoast/wordpress-seo)
[![Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/yoast/wordpress-seo/v/stable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/yoast/wordpress-seo)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/yoast/wordpress-seo/license.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/yoast/wordpress-seo)

Welcome to the WordPress SEO Github repository
----------------------------------------------

While the documenation for the [WordPress SEO plugin](https://yoast.com/wordpress/seo/) can be found on yoast.com, here
you can browse the source of the project, find and discuss open issues and even
[contribute yourself](https://github.com/yoast/wordpress-seo/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Installation
------------

Here's a [guide on how to install WordPress SEO in your WordPress site](https://yoast.com/wordpress/seo/installation/).
If you want to run the Git version though, you have two options:

* You can clone the GitHub repository: https://github.com/yoast/wordpress-seo.git
* Downloading it directly unfortunately won't work as the .zip file doesn't contain the submodules.

This will download the latest development version of WordPress SEO by Yoast. While this version is usually stable,
it is not recommended for use in a production environment.

Bugs
----
If you find an issue, [let us know here](https://github.com/yoast/wordpress-seo/issues/new)!

Support
-------
This is a developer's portal for WordPress SEO by Yoast and should not be used for support. Please visit the
[support forums](https://wordpress.org/support/plugin/wordpress-seo).

Contributions
-------------
Anyone is welcome to contribute to WordPress SEO. Please
[read the guidelines](https://github.com/yoast/wordpress-seo/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for contributing to this
repository.

There are various ways you can contribute:

* [Raise an issue](https://github.com/yoast/wordpress-seo/issues) on GitHub.
* Send us a Pull Request with your bug fixes and/or new features.
* [Translate WordPress SEO by Yoast into different languages](http://translate.yoast.com/projects/wordpress-seo/).
* Provide feedback and [suggestions on enhancements](https://github.com/yoast/wordpress-seo/issues?direction=desc&labels=Enhancement&page=1&sort=created&state=open).

Commit message:

Updated readme with Composer instructions.

README.md, after:

WordPress SEO by Yoast
======================

[![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/Yoast/wordpress-seo.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Yoast/wordpress-seo)
[![Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/yoast/wordpress-seo/v/stable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/yoast/wordpress-seo)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/yoast/wordpress-seo/license.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/yoast/wordpress-seo)

Welcome to the WordPress SEO Github repository
----------------------------------------------

While the documenation for the [WordPress SEO plugin](https://yoast.com/wordpress/seo/) can be found on yoast.com, here
you can browse the source of the project, find and discuss open issues and even
[contribute yourself](https://github.com/yoast/wordpress-seo/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Installation
------------

Here's a [guide on how to install WordPress SEO in your WordPress site](https://yoast.com/wordpress/seo/installation/).

If you want to run the Git version for development though, you can set it up with [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/):

```bash
composer create-project yoast/wordpress-seo:dev-trunk --prefer-source --keep-vcs
```

Read more about [using Composer with WordPress SEO](https://github.com/Yoast/wordpress-seo/wiki/Using-Composer).

This will download the latest development version of WordPress SEO by Yoast. While this version is usually stable,
it is not recommended for use in a production environment.

Bugs
----
If you find an issue, [let us know here](https://github.com/yoast/wordpress-seo/issues/new)!

Support
-------
This is a developer's portal for WordPress SEO by Yoast and should not be used for support. Please visit the
[support forums](https://wordpress.org/support/plugin/wordpress-seo).

Contributions
-------------
Anyone is welcome to contribute to WordPress SEO. Please
[read the guidelines](https://github.com/yoast/wordpress-seo/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for contributing to this
repository.

There are various ways you can contribute:

* [Raise an issue](https://github.com/yoast/wordpress-seo/issues) on GitHub.
* Send us a Pull Request with your bug fixes and/or new features.
* [Translate WordPress SEO by Yoast into different languages](http://translate.yoast.com/projects/wordpress-seo/).
* Provide feedback and [suggestions on enhancements](https://github.com/yoast/wordpress-seo/issues?direction=desc&labels=Enhancement&page=1&sort=created&state=open).
